I've been to Thailand once before I
trained in Thailand for like seven weeks
this is my first time at Bank Lee
training's great you get a personal
trainer every day
so you're basically working one-on-one
every night and every morning and also
just the fact that everybody's training
every day and the train twice a day so
it just really keeps you motivated keeps
you going six days a week
twice a day the trains really been great
just getting in shape the heat humidity
all helps you drop weight and just
improve your Muay Thai last year I
fought in the UFC and a loss of decision
and a mountain Thailand trying to work
on my stand-up and my Muay Thai and my
knees my elbows launches kicks all of
the stand up game so that I can compete
at the higher levels with it you know I
got a I got a have a better stand up
game so that I can you know make mileage
my whole game more rounded and more
legit so that I can repeat UFC level win
some prize
I'm hoping the 2011 be good come back
here for me get get back in the mix get
a fight hopefully sometime in the summer
and hopefully get two or three fights in
this year and just perform the best that
I can perform and get into the top shape
that I can be in and and just really go
out there and show them my best and
hopefully win some UFC fight
I can be emailed at Mitchell MMA at
gmail.com or you can check out my
website dowdy David Mitchell comm and
also ncf a workout fighting Alliance
calm
that's my gym up in Northern California
so you can you know check this out any
different which way
I'd like to thank Michael Bruno and Tom
call for getting me out here and really
getting me training out here at Bank Lee
it's really been great and I've already
noticed an improvement my game and my
conditioning and my team back home work
out fighting Alliance and everybody out
here at fairtex
I've been with fairtex for a long time
and they've really treated me great over
the years you know they got they make
the best gear and they have the best
training so it's really a great place to
take on the train and I really enjoyed
it
you